I didn't expect to meet you here
It seems that this is fate
You are indeed fate
If there's nothing else, I'll go first
Don't go, Xiaoya
You know, after graduation
How hard was it for me to find you?
Why have you been avoiding me?
You know what I've been through all these years
How much I miss you?
Gao Sheng, I already have a boyfriend
It's impossible between us
No, you have to drag me into the water?
Please, please, just help me this once
Then dare to ask where this boyfriend is high school
i
Not high
Just working in the electronics factory
He was a wage earner.
Not Xiaoya
This is the boyfriend you found, none of your business
No, in that case
Then you have to attend this class reunion, right?
It is. It is.
Go, go, it's alright
All right.
Xiaoya, sit down
Are you sitting on that day?
Oh, I'm sorry.
This spot seems to be full
I think why don't you let your husband
How about sitting with my dog?
I think it's good